Viz: refining key points and a little more (#87)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _episodes/07-plot.md

teaching: 55
exercises: 30
questions:
- What elements make a compelling visualization that authentically reports scientific results ready for scientific presentation and publication?

> - What tools and techinques are available to save time on creating presentation and publication-worthy figures?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What tools and techinques are available to save time on creating presentation and publication-ready figures?
```

> >
> > 2. The figure documents the selection process as a sequence of reproducible steps, containing enough information for a skeptical reader to understand the authors' choices. Reading right-to-left, top-to-bottom, we see selection based on proper motion, the results of the first selection, selection based on stellar surface properties (color and magnitude), and the results of the second selection. So this figure documents the methodology, presents the primary result, and serves as reference for other parts of the paper (and presumably, talk, if this figure is reused for colloquia).
> >
> > 3. The figure is mostly black and white, with minimal use of color, and mostly uses large fonts. It will likely work well in print and only needs a few adjustments to be accessible to low vision readers and none to accomodate those with poor color vision. The annotations in the bottom left panel guide the reader to the results discussed in the text.
> > The panels that can have the same units, dimensions, and their axes are aligned, do.
> >
> > 4. The on-sky positions likely do not need so much white space.

> > > Axes ticks for the on-sky position figures are not necessary since this is not in an intuitive coordinate system or a finder chart. Instead, we'd suggest size bar annotations for each dimension to give the reader the needed scale.

Reviewer 2: I think each of the subsequent lines should be their own numbered bullet

Author: I don't have a means to render the site to verify that formatting. I'd like to punt this to someone who has the setup.

> > > Axes ticks for the on-sky position figures are not necessary since this is not in an intuitive coordinate system or a finder chart. Instead, we'd suggest size bar annotations for each dimension to give the reader the needed scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> > Axes ticks for the on-sky position figures are not necessary since this is not in an intuitive coordinate system or a finder chart. Instead, we would suggest size bar annotations for each dimension to give the reader the needed scale.
```

> > > The text annotations could be darker for more contract and only over white background to increase accessibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> > The text annotations could be darker for more contrast and appear only over white background to increase accessibility
```
